This lesson is about why the newest default theme, 2022 and block based full, say, editing themes
are a good place to start learning WordPress, but they aren't quite ready for production sites unless
the site you create a simple and adapts to the available templates and patterns in the theme.
It's not that it doesn't work correctly, it's just that the available options for custom design, as
well as the selection of different themes is still very limited.
Working with block based full site editing or FSC themes allows you to know what's coming in the future
of WordPress.
The original style of working with WordPress using classic themes is still very relevant and offers
many more options for custom design at this point.
The non full site editing or classic themes includes some features not present in an NFC enabled theme.
For example, when using a classic theme under the appearance menu in the WordPress dashboard, you'll
see the customizer and menus widgets, as well as site identity and additional CIUSSS sections available
within the customizer that are not there.
When an FC theme is activated and many themes like cadence that I recommend and teach in the course
use the original or classic way of working with the customizer, but add their own version of full set
editing anyway, enabling the addition of header and footer customization, as well as sitewide templates
for customizing the way certain pages or page types are rendered in WordPress.
And finally, page builders like Divij have been using their own versions of full, say, editing for
many years and aren't going away anytime soon in the upcoming lessons.
We'll explore full site editing using the newest default theme in WordPress called Twenty Twenty Two,
as well as a powerful classic theme called Cadence.
And finally, one of the most powerful design systems available for WordPress.
The Divij theme and visual builder By learning all three of these designing methods for WordPress,
you'll have a good idea of how you'll prefer to proceed, depending on your level of knowledge and experience
your working style or the needs of the project.